So.
So, David, how would you want to
run this like you know can we
can start by sharing the use
case story that we got and we
could walk if that's that's the
that's the way that you want to
Sure.
go through we'll we'll be happy
to do that or do you have
anything any other inputs from
that standpoint as to how you
want to start the discovery.
No, no.
I think going from the use case
we've sent you, you know, part
especially with with
transparency in coverage.
You're what?
You're not going to have is a
whole bunch of folks on our side
that have thought through this
one.
Umm uh.
It's uhm, you know one SEC.
Uh, it's an unfamiliar area for
a lot of us as well.
You know, I think between myself
and Dave, Schweppe will probably
doing be doing some discovery
with you in real time on it.
Sure, sure.
Umm, it was.
It was an interesting one for
us.
Just because it is kind of a new
and novel data set that would
push the organization.
So with that, you may also be
getting a little bit less
specific expertise on this one
compared to the one we've got
tomorrow around you know
customer specific data that we
wanna feed in.
Got got it.
Got it. David.
So would it?
Would it make sense if we walk
through the user story that we
received and and get your inputs
and I'll I'll present the user
Sure. Yeah.
story and then we could probably
take it forward from there.
Would that make sense to you?
Sounds good.
Yeah, absolutely.
Sure.
Let me just present it.
I'll just go off camera just so
that like I'm presenting, so I
wouldn't know any who is talking
so.
It's my screen visible.
This is, yeah.
OK, sure.
So David, over to you.
Uh umm.
So do you mean?
I mean, make sure I'm clear as
to what the expectation is.
We read through this.
Or are there certain areas that
three year uh.
No, no, no, sorry.
It's my.
My bad.
Now I'll.
I'll set the agenda.
So basically what we did was we
understood the requirements,
David.
And you know what we have done
is we have started exploring the
three datasets that were given
to us, the HHC and UHC data set,
Yep.
right.
And then we based on this, we
understand we started looking at
the data schema.
We understood to certain extent
what each data schema is, so I I
do understand that as part of
the discovery exercise, we may
not be able to cover every
single aspect of this
requirement.
But what I wanted to understand
was, you know from the the files
that we have seen like for
example HCSC was a large file
and we were able to fairly
understand certain aspects of
the file.
But you would see file in itself
has nearly about 780 to 800 in
different file data types or
file data schemas, right?
So what we also wanted to
understand was if we can get
certain guidance from you in
terms of what does this UHC file
have and and probably what are
some of the different data
schemas that we could get some
advice on that was one aspect of
it, but I I do understand that
you you've already mentioned
that this is also a fairly new
use case for you.
So I I would be happy to.
Yeah.
We can.
We can do one thing right, like
if this is a, this is a is a use
case that we probably have to Co
explore our code.
Discover that that we can do it
together, right?
But if for today's session, if
you want today's session to be
more focusing on the other use
case, the patient satisfaction
use case which you are
comfortable with, we can start
with that also David, if that
works for you.
Uh, yeah, that's fine.
Sure.
I mean I I mean what we could do
is then for tomorrow we can use
this particular use case so that
we can also show you what we
have understood as part of the
data schema and we can share
with you.
But for today, if you want to,
you want to start with the
patient satisfaction use case,
that will be that will be great,
David.
Well, for the patient's, OK, so
for the.
Alright, so I I'm sorry I maybe
I misinterpreted what you were
saying.
So are we suggesting we flip
these two sessions?
Yeah.
Yes, David.
So that was one one thought
because because I think what
what I am also getting as a as
an insight is you know this UHC
use case, the user story. We
have understood the user story.
But we also wanted to know if
there is anything that you can
provide us as guidance in you
know in terms of direction, what
should we be doing?
Because what we felt was
understanding the data schema is
1 but being able to get what is
an outcome right?
Like what are some of the
dashboards that you want?
How would you want the plans to
be compared?
What could be the what could be
the type of different types of
charts that you might be looking
in terms of price plan
comparison?
Those are some of the insights
that we kind of wanted as part
of the discovery for this use
case.
But if you feel that we should
take sure.
Yeah.
So with the, yeah.
So with that and then we can and
and part of the the SOW we sent
over had had some of that around
what are some of the analytics
we wanna do on top of this?
I don't know if that made its
way.
Right, yes.
Yeah.
So.
Playing better?
So Babu, yeah, so we we did.
Yeah, go ahead.
We did look at it.
We created certain mock mock
screens around it.
David, right.
Like uh, so we will probably
share.
We have already shared that with
as part of the proposal, but
what we also wanted to
understand was, as part of this
is, is this exactly what you
want or is there anything else
that you want to probably
explore is what I wanted to
understand.
We wanted to understand as well,
David, sure.
So here's here's what I would
say is these these analytic
insights here below are kind of
think of him as a first pass.
Got check that we have an
underlying data asset on top of
OK.
which I can do analytics.
So yes, there probably is going
to be more use cases after this,
OK.
but I did at the end of the day
the the goal of engaging with
you guys on this one isn't for
the endless number of dashboards
we can put on top.
It really is an understanding.
How do we take disparate data
sets and normalize them into a
usable data model?
That's the.
That's the sticky wicket.
OK, got it.
OK, fine.
So so there are two ways to go
through this, David.
One is we can share what we have
understood so far on the data
sets and then come out with
certain questions and then we
can walk through those
questions, right.
So that is one approach,
particularly that that was one
Sure.
thing that we wanted to discuss
because like we found the HC use
case was pretty HCSC files were
pretty straightforward for us.
But the UHC files had various
different combinations, various
different data schemas, then one
you know in in one data set
itself.
So we wanted to probably
understand if you want all of
those data schemas to be
implemented or pulled in into
the data platform, or can we,
for the purpose of the POC, can
we add only certain file types
and if so, what would be the
file types that you are looking
at, right?
So those were some questions
that we had, maybe these are not
for discovery, this could be for
design session as well, but
Sure.
wanted to understand if you had
some thoughts on that, right?
So, but that was the reason,
maybe one another way that we
can do is between today and
tomorrow we could actually come
out with various different
questions on each of these file
types and then we can go over
those questions with you in
tomorrow's session if you want
to flip the sessions to
Yeah, that's fine.
We we can probably probably do
that.
tomorrow, right? Yeah.
We've got Dave Wolfe on now.
Who'd be critical for the other
one, I'd say.
Ah ohh course.
So.
So this is dish, Webby.
I'm sorry I'm late.
I've got a contractor tearing my
kitchen apart.
Active.
I'm so I'm kind of stepping this
too, but on the tick files are
really kind of market market
standard files that are
available now, right?
So you're gonna find their
formats are gonna be a little
different.
I think from file to file I'm
not sure if the HCSC file in the
use case is our spec.
What do you think about the use
cases that are there for, uh,
comparison of data you know by
cost you realization quality.
The intent would be in my mind
to create a set of data that is
comparable.
Think about the TIF files as umm
side by side comparisons of our
already existing data.
So if I had an inpatient cost in
the tick file, I have an
OK.
associate in patient cost in the
medeanalytics file in the lake,
right?
So the concept would be to
create a bridge between those
two and one of the challenges I
think you're gonna run into,
although I'm not so much of what
I've read and what I've heard.
I'm not.
Is that they're all being
created in their own schemas,
and so create that crosswalk and
then the same, and then that
crosswalk creating the same
hierarchy.
So provider facility.
Hey, you're whatever those
hierarchies are that attached
that to that, that one cost or
that day of utilization or that
that doctor's visit or et
cetera, right.
So trying to create that bridge,
is that wolf in Bartley?
What you're thinking here?
Uh, yeah.
I mean, I so said differently
because I use different words is
recognizing that and that part
of the way this is at the core
of why tick is a problem that
we're trying to solve for is if
you look at HCSC, UHC and Signa,
they're all by design gonna make
their data as different as
possible.
And so can we land these and
normalize them such they become
uniformly analyzable?
It's not the right word, but you
know, can we structure them into
And comparable.
a consistent data model knowing
that they come from various
disparate intentionally
disparate formats?
OK.
Yes, that that, yes, we both did
the same thing.
OK, we'll same page, OK and.
Yeah, OK. Yeah.
Do you guys have an outlay of
one of our?
Data schemas.
Do you?
Do you live one of our data
schemas, Mike, that we could
OK.
provide or or Anthony for them,
see how we structure our data?
Is that a possibility?
Or is that because I know our
schemas are a little emitted
create a little different than
the real world?
Hello.
OK.
We don't. We don't have it yet,
David.
Sorry.
But if you could share that will
be great as well because that
will give us some idea.
I mean the points that you
mentioned about UHC and Cigna
was exactly what we also found
in our basic analysis.
We found, you know, they are not
just disparate data, but they
are also of disparate schemas.
So we are trying to bring them
into one, you know, one
standardized format or
normalized format that is
something that you know, we also
wanted to work on.
And you know, one of the other
aspects in Azure, please correct
me if I'm wrong.
What we found us within the UHC
set of files there are 780
different types of schema that
we that that we saw 780 could be
Of course there are.
arbitrary.
Sorry yeah.
I'm just laughing because the
law requires that they provide
the data, not explain the data.
Yeah.
So.
Yeah, that that got it.
Got it.
So what?
What we were trying to find out
was we were trying to find out
if, for the purposes of the
proof of concept, if we, you
know, what could be the scope of
this one is obviously creating
the data platform.
Another is when we take the UNC
file itself, should we focus on
all 780 files to be standardized
or can we take a group of them,
cluster them at least for the
purpose of puoc because we are
we have a time bound POC cluster
them.
Let's say we take hundred
different files.
OK, group them, normalize them
and then you know, use that as a
places for, you know, building
larger normalizations.
I do.
I do think it's acceptable that
we take a subset and for the
Sure.
purposes of 1, just just
validating that we can get these
disparate formats into a single
schema.
It may create doofus.
I'm thinking about, you know,
future use cases.
We have around AI, I think not
for the scope of this.
So again, to your point of let's
lock down the scope, there may
be some future use case on the
use of.
AI for mapping of these
disparate data sets into a
single schema.
Uh, but I don't know that we
need to do the the full set of
UHC.
UM it ideally.
Between the three, if we want to
narrow the scope of what's in
the files, we would take these
three sources and look for.
Uh, common geographies that
exist in all three and
prioritize those.
Got it. OK.
Yeah.
One quick question, David and
yeah.
Free free.
Look at this.
This just talk particular
document.
I think the MRF field or
required data elements is
listed, so do we think this list
is good?
Good to start with in terms of
making sure these columns are
are extracted or or or or or
modeled in our system.
That will get get the maximum
use cases covered.
Since this is a file, that is
something that we have, we we
try to map them with the you you
HCSC on the UHC file formats and
we were able to map.
I won't say 100%, but I can say
to to our knowledge we were able
to map out at least 80 plus
percentage of of the columns we
were able to map from the those
two files.
So, David, do you think this
list of 18 columns should cover
most of the use cases or do you
think like you mentioned about
the geography?
I think the the ZIP code is
available here.
So similar to that, do you do
you think any any any other
Umm.
columns will be of helpful?
Specifically, anything outside
the purview of these 18 columns,
right.
Ashok, if I understand you
right.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, exactly. Yes.
So I'm I'm I'm going through.
I'll, I'll comment and the kid.
I'm just reviewing this just now
so this is high level.
This will get us at the highest
level of acclaim or the provider
level claim at the MPI.
It won't provide data Dave at
the at the at the at the
procedure level or diagnostic
level.
So the whole thing about the
tick files is it's cost per
care.
I think some of the TIF Files Go
down the procedure level, so
you're trying to compare cost
per cost.
CD4.
Umm.
Or I see you not 10.
You're not gonna be able to do
that with this outlet.
But sweat, he doesn't line 14
that the billing code provides
Yeah, yeah.
get to that.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, 14 is the type of billing.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, you're right.
I'm sorry, Dave.
Yeah.
My my I missed, I missed that I
was looking.
I was reading the one above it.
OK, got it.
That's all right.
I started from the bottom
figuring everyone would start
You don't know?
from the top.
Yeah, that's OK.
OK.
We'll meet in the middle.
No, that that fall OK.
I take back what I said.
Yeah, I.
Do we have a sense of of all the
data?
Like what is the highest value
you know you're gonna be
narrowing scope for a POC.
Do we again?
I'm.
I'm coming.
I'm coming in a little bit new
to this as well, but like if we
could pick three, three or four,
do we know which one will drive
the most value to us or to a
client yet?
Or is that require some some
digging in just?
I think that's a natural way to
kind of limit.
It is just call.
Let's go for the highest, most
valuable data to begin with, and
then we could always keep
peeling off more layers.
I, Mike, I don't think that
that's I'm contemplate what
you're saying.
I think if we wanna do this and
really see value in it, we need
to have it at the level that's
at row 14.
14 Yeah, so, so I mean, the way
I look at it would be, yeah,
Because then cause then we can
summarize up, because what's
yeah.
built into one through 18 here
is implied hierarchy.
And so if we're gonna create a
decision that you're making, we
Right.
have to decide what level of
hierarchy that is.
Yeah, his other, yeah.
And honestly, that's gonna be
hard.
In a claim with the spirit data
schemas from different plants or
Mm-hmm.
so, I like what you're saying,
the scope creep, but I.
The specific.
Anybody disagree with me and
wait?
This is also like I was gonna
say, I think we all agree 14
gets us to that granular level.
And then what?
I'm not sure about is like is it
geography?
Like what are the two or three
other dimensions that give us
the aha moment to say, yeah,
that's really interesting.
Look how different this is
across geography for the same
billing code across these plans
and kind of jumping ahead to
I mean, I guess I guess you
could, you could say, well,
like what, yeah.
let's just do it for Texas or
something, I guess you could do
that.
I'm is.
Is is the POC Bartley to
demonstrate the ability to do
this or is it?
And then if we can do it, then
we expand it and add more data
to it as right now, because
right now you know, we don't
That will that.
Yeah, that's a.
have CVS, Edna.
We don't have elevons anthem.
You know, we don't have those
either, so umm.
Correct.
At the moment, at the moment the
goal, the reason why I was
suggesting we narrow the scope
to where we've got common
geographies across all three
files is the ability to comingle
datasets for the purposes of
creating an insight and if if I
have you know.
UHC data for California but
HCSC's data for Illinois and
Cigna data for Connecticut.
You know, we would prove out
umm, that we could land in
normalize all three datasets,
but we wouldn't necessarily be
able to see what the commingling
of those data sets does to
inform a single analysis.
So.
OK, so are we.
Yeah.
The question I have is is do we
know who's the persona?
What's the problem?
They're trying to like like how
does this solve a problem for
them?
Do we know that yet of like, who
is gonna have the aha moment to
Yeah.
So yeah.
So so.
say, wow, that's interesting.
Let me do something about that
or or take some action.
Right.
So the.
So here's the the simple use
case on tick is I wanna look at
So.
where my network rates my
contracted rates compared to
others in the market.
So heat map for me by county
where I am 10% above the
Yeah.
average, 10% below the average.
Yeah.
How does my network rate
competitiveness compare to data
found in other Tik files?
Yeah.
Perfect.
He's been I would say we just
take the 14 we, we take all the
common geographies slice it by
state county zip right and and
then we from there. We we, we
land, the data. Obviously, we
have a you know a kind of
pipeline that or whatever to
maybe at the table where we
unify you know the handful of
dimensions to allow that right
and then even better. If we can
sort of correlate that to our to
our data.
You know that we have and then
then we yeah, we come up with
some dashboard views whether
it's Tableau, Powerbi with the
maps and some tables and and
maybe some benchmarking to to
establish the benchmark and yeah
just we we pick half a dozen
dimensions that we could slice
it by you know.
Yeah.
And so I we're looking at what?
What was originally put together
but within the SOW and we can
pull that up.
Uh, sorry I wasn't born
document.
Give me a second.
Uh, that that was the analysis
we had.
We had prioritized in the SOW
just take like to get my hands
OK. Yeah.
on it.
But let me stop sharing David
and I'll probably.
Yes.
So it's going to be the billing.
Those billing codes are the 14
the provider ID's and then all
the geographies different levels
as a as a starting point.
They may be a few other
dimensions too.
Is it get down to it's sort of
physician level, things like
that too or?
Uh.
You know, I don't know if the
tick data would have specific
provider MPI.
I think it does.
Because then we could see within
a county or whatever, you know,
it's sort of top five of the
highest cost, lowest cost, all
that kind of stuff too.
What theoretically you supposed
to be able to?
I compare charge masters by who
is doing the work.
Is the point of tick.
OK.
Yeah.
So UM.
We could.
It sounds like Shetty like even
some kind of whisker charts
where we show kind of median
where are the outliers for each
of these and slice that
different ways, right?
So yeah, so these were the
three.
So the heat map size refer to
comparison on price competitive,
but at the procedure slash visit
type level uh to compare how one
planned rates compared to others
in that market which is why
having narrowed down to a common
geography was important
reimbursement.
Benchmarking ohh.
Reimbursement between.
Umm, yeah.
So once a heat map, the other is
perhaps looking at, you know by
procedure and the network
adequacy to look to see where
you've got potentially and we
see if the data would support
this sort of analysis for
network adequacy.
You know, do you have areas
where you know, certain plans,
fewer plans have contracted
rates for certain specialty
types, umm, or procedures?
So that's where we're merging in
maybe our data to say where are
we seeing these gaps, right?
And and by county or whatever,
where there's no coverage.
Who's at the idea?
That would that part of the goal
is of combine combining in our
demo data.
Uh, but the the the demo data
would be looking at ohm.
You know our heat map.
So if you were to take in our
demo data and compare umm rates
and let's just say it's our
customer, our customer data
compared to the data source from
the tech files, how do you start
to create insight for the health
plan around where they've got,
you know rate discrepancies in
market?
So. Umm.
What?
So what's it getting back to the
original, you know kind of
question and that we started off
with.
So, you know, at the end of the
day, our goal right now is how
do we get to a normalized data
set.
So the the downstream analytics,
if we can narrow the scope as to
which of the files from UHC,
Cigna, HCSC kind of question we
need to answer is which regions
from those data sets do we want
to make part of this initial
scope so that we can keep it
finite and you know make
progress on it.
You know, I wanna make it more
than one market, but you know,
UHC is massive, so I don't
necessarily wanna do all of
their markets.
Umm, you know, knowing that HCSC
off the bat is what?
Nevada, Texas, Illinois.
It's.
Yeah, it's actually not. Not
Nevada.
It's gonna be New Mexico.
New Mexico, yeah.
Oklahoma, Montana and then
Texas, Illinois and the and by
Want to Texas?
far the biggest or Texas,
Illinois.
Those are the biggies. Yeah.
Yeah.
And you know, is going to have a
presence in both of those as
well and I believe so is Cigna.
Yeah.
So we could just pick, you know,
Texas, Illinois maybe when other
state you know third largest or
whatever.
Yeah.
And and David just wanted to
call out that we were not able
to access signal files from from
offshore from India primarily
because I think it's restricted
to only US you as only access I
believe.
So you know that is that is
something that we are trying to
sort out by bringing in an
onshore resource that will work
closely so that they they can
access and mask whatever data
that they need to mask and send
it to us.
So just wanted to call that out
as well, David, when we started
analyzing the files, signal was
something that was we were not
able to access from offshore.
OK.
Interesting.
OK, alright, that's good to
know.
So.
So David, when you know when
Michael was talking about
accessing New Mexico and a few
other states, so can we say that
for UHC files, can we look out
for those specific regions and
extract the data and use them
for the standardization?
Texas.
Yeah, Texas and Illinois.
Takes as an element.
OK.
Yeah, sure.
Bye.
What?
So those regions we can
concentrate and if we are able
to extract the data from
H&UC files for those regions
and we are able to standardize
them, that could be a good
start.
And obviously when when we are
able to bring in Sigma, we can
also look out for those regions
from Sigma file as well.
Yes.
Yep, I'd say, uh, you know
Anthony and edgier.
OK.
Your help keep me honest here.
You know from an approach
perspective, I mentioned in
figuring out how we.
Land the data in our lake and
then transform into a standard
format cause part of this body
of work is is getting to that
you know, data like being a
source for however the data
wants to come to us and then we
do the transformation on the
back end.
So I don't have that.
It's not a tech person, so maybe
a dumb statement here, but I do
know that part of what we're
trying to prove out with this is
that notion of the accept the
data in any format and then work
to get it into our data model
and standardized a format on the
back end and that has
applicability to other use cases
we're solving for, for our
customers down the road.
Do we have a target database?
And again I'm I apologize, being
kind of new new to this, but you
know obviously we have you know,
Vertica, Mondrian, but this is
an opportunity.
It's so new.
Could we look at a redshift or
snowflake or some other?
You know the database as the
place to unify this, and that's
And if I believe we're looking
at the yeah.
our 4A into a new a new cloud
database, you know.
Yes.
That's yeah.
Yeah.
So we're we're looking to do a
data like model.
So it's not a database like a
redshift or snowflake, it's it's
OK.
the data lake.
So it'll reside in S3 and use
these services from S3.
So yeah, here's the architecture
coming up here.
OK.
OK, so so so we'll, we'll we'll
land them in their disparate
formats.
And you're saying, well, have
some kind of pipeline to unify
those into a common format and
that'll be in a in a data lake
format you're saying, OK.
Yes.
Correct, correct.
So.
So Anthony, Anthony, let me add
in a little bit cause I think
you and I've been chatting by
teams and my my team is morning.
I just talked to Siri, so I
think the plan here, and I know
that with iceberg is to create a
structured data set so it's the
same indeed of science needs the
same thing that we're building
here.
So the end result in the lake,
the final version of the lake
will be that accessible data
set.
So if they're structured
similarly, and I know that
Anthony's got great, great work
around that.
So transforming it from that raw
data to the work that we can use
for power BI or Python or
whatever, we're going to use is
in that that center lake with
iceberg providing the structured
output correct Anthony.
Uh, yeah, so this is the same
model that we're looking to use
OK.
for, uh, yeah.
The data science team we're
looking to use the.
Yeah, exactly.
It's the same.
Yes.
So.
So Mike, to your question, we're
trying to Anthony and team are
courting standard process using
what's on here and we've been
doing this in the the Data Lake
team has been working on this
Yeah.
for about a month and 1/2 now,
so.
OK, OK.
So if I understand this, so we
have our our huge raw files in
sitting in these S3 buckets.
That's where we landed.
We're gonna have a much for the
POC, a smaller maybe it's just a
slice of that in the iceberg
format, I guess, right or.
And and be the the ride.
It all get landed right.
Uh.
Yeah.
And S3, that's correct.
And yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
There's three, and then the lake
will be in S3 too, so it's all.
That they'll have a
transformation and we're going
to just the transformation will
only focus on our POC limited
part of the data set is that is
that accurate or are we going to
do more than that this.
I believe that's what that
that's.
Yeah, that's what we're looking
to do is is bring the data in
OK.
and use this this structure,
this data like format to make it
usable and those other pieces
treeno and other other pieces
right now that we're not
currently leveraging. Yep.
OK.
Yeah, but just one one
additional point to what Anthony
just mentioned, there can be
some part of small
transformation that will be
applied in terms of flattening
Right.
the the Jacksons because all
these data are going to be from,
in, in the JSON format from from
these systems.
So we might do and only one
level of transformation in terms
of flattening that into into the
raw layer.
So just just want to add the
point, Anthony hope that that
that's fine.
Yeah, sounds good.
OK.
Yeah.
And and for transformations we
are.
We are going to use the glue,
the glue, glue and spark right?
Spock.
Yep.
Close park. Yeah.
So and and iceberg will serve as
you know, a transformed you know
layer where all the data will be
stored in iceberg.
Because iceberg has certain
Delta Lake type of capabilities.
So that's something that we want
to use.
Trino is more of a intermediary
between iceberg and the
visualization, so we can think
of, you know, as a very low code
UI which is similar to Athena in
AWS.
So allowing end users to start
querying from the database they
want to check out some records
and whatnot, right?
Not necessarily.
Depending on the visualization
layer, always so that was the
thought process behind bringing
in treno.
So yeah.
So for Torino is is there a
Tableau connector to that as
well that we could use Tableau?
Ohm.
I.
Yeah, we.
Yeah, I think we have a an, I
think we we used Power BI for
in, in, in the past.
So, but yeah, we can quickly
confirm that.
But remember it has connectors
for all.
Yeah.
All of them, yeah.
OK.
Yes, it does have a connector
problem.
And that's OK.
Yeah, the tree node does have.
I just checked it two does have
a tablet connected Michael.
OK.
No.
And and this and this, Trina is
going to be like the the the
physical form of a of a table on
top of iceberg.
So the iceberg is is the way of
storing the data on the on the
on the data leak on S3 and it's
got its own advantages of as it
compliant and we can do more
schema evolution.
All those properties will come
in as.
When when we when we store it as
an iceberg format still that's
going to sit on on top of S3 and
we are going to have trino which
is going to use the glue catalog
for, for, for these files where
we can see it like a physical
table.
So Trino will give that layer of
writing sequels if you want to,
and we can have power BI or
Tableau on top of sitting on top
of you know.
I think you're on mute.
And and I just mentioned about,
sorry.
Anthony.
Ohh sorry.
It what Mike was gonna say
something, but I don't know if
Michael saying.
Oh yeah, I I was.
I was asking you, but I didn't
have any any questions.
OK.
I think that that all make
sense.
Yeah.
Thank you.
OK.
So Anthony, you mentioned about
or or I think I'm not sure it
was my Mike or you, Anthony, I
think you spoke about the the
data science team also has a
similar data leak approach.
So just want to understand like
is there a a need of the static
data into the data science world
as well or it's going to be
something in the future in the
plan something.
I'm I'm not sure of the long
term plans. There are.
Are you talking about statistics
though?
Off the data or what?
Yeah, you didn't mention about
the the, the that that is some
some one other team that is
working on the data science on
the similar architecture with in
iceberg and and and and S3
right.
So just wanted to know whether
the thick data is also been will
may be used in the future, so or
it's it's going to be very
Oh, I see. Yeah.
unique in the use case. Sorry.
I think I I think it might be
used potentially leverage.
I don't know how it'll be
integrated at this point, but we
have a similar architecture for
the data science team.
That's how we're providing them
access to the data.
So it's similar architecture,
but I don't know if it'll be
OK.
using the same way because the
data science team also does
research into research and other
things, so this might be more
for general for the business use
cases and more for like
consumers using power BI or
Tableau.
OK.
Thanks.
Thanks, Anthony.
And that that was one other
point on the the demo data.
I think, David, you mentioned
about the demo data.
So just to for for, for our
clarity, it's it's the MIDI data
that that you are talking as a
demo data, OK and we want to see
Correct. Yep.
that that has given as an input
and then see how the other plans
are compare or or or equivalent
of of those are in the other
other UHC and HCSC and that's
the comparison that we are
looking at.
So the demo data has become the
input and then the data from
these two systems will become
the comparison points.
It's I.
Maybe I mean the the the data
sets themselves if we get let's
OK.
say we get Cigna in the mix.
I mean, at one point I
comparison is Cigna UHC to HCSC.
Ultimately, we talked the reason
why the demo data is in the mix
is if we get done with this POC,
but we've not yet solved for,
how do I comingle my production
data with this data, then I've
got an interesting science
experiment, but not much more.
However, if I can get the demo
data connected to it, then as we
Yeah.
go out and we talk about this
concept with customers and they
go, I would love to have that
module added in.
We've actually already solved
for how I get production data,
but I can't just use a customers
data, which is why I say demo
data.
So so for the demo data we would
we just take like all of those
Just clear. Thanks.
Got.
dimensions, geography provider,
those procedure codes, whatever,
it just extracts of those that
we can similarly flatten and
then that'll be sort of
alongside this data maybe in a
different table or something and
then that that opens up the
analysis then to join those and
look at it right.
So I'm just.
I'm just thinking like we can
come up with, even if it's just
spreadsheet exports to begin
with.
Hey, here's the data we wanna
pull out.
Umm.
And then we can have a more
elaborate way to to to do that
in a production environment to,
you know, on a monthly basis,
whatever there's a, there's
gonna be some pull of the data
from the production system, but
it doesn't have to be
everything.
It's just the specific
dimensions and metrics we're
interested in there.
So I see that as part of this
too is what?
What is the specific dimensions
and measures that we're gonna
pull from?
Does certainly doesn't have to
be everything right?
Just just kind of marry it up
with what we have from the the
TIF files.
Sure.
Yeah.
And and and David, where would
that demo data be currently?
Is it in in Madea's Vertica
database or is it somewhere yeah
Yeah.
OK so so that would probably be
added to the the scope as well
primarily because you know while
the the first scope is
definitely to build the data
platform, as Anthony was
telling, the second is to be
able to commingle the Uchc and
SIGNA files specifically for
let's say, the three regions
that you mentioned, New Mexico,
Illinois and the the third
region and and then be able to
pick up the demo data for the
same regions and then do a
comparison between the demo data
versus USC versus HHC versus
Sigma, right.
So it did.
I did.
I kind of give an give my
understanding of the scope.
Is there any mistake or is there
anything that I missed?
No, I think you're right, I
think. Uh.
So we need to revisit the the
scope question because I know in
the the SOW we've got a bullet
point in there counting for this
of provide comparison
capabilities with our current
media enriched data.
So so that so it was
contemplated in the original
scope.
We need maybe talk through the
how on that.
OK.
Yeah, absolutely, David.
I I don't think the technicality
is a problem there.
We just need to get Vertica
connected to the to to this
Yeah.
whole data platform to be able
to extract it, we just need to
Sure. Yeah.
add that pipeline as part of it.
So so, Anthony, one request you
know post this call, I will send
a mom, we might want to to make
sure that the next phase of
design we might want to get all
the access to the vertical
databases a little ahead of the
curve so that we can also start
analyzing the data schema of
this demo data.
So that we can start building
the design for, you know, the
for this first use case.
Antony, I'll.
I'll probably send the note and
we can have a discussion around
it.
Thank you, Sir. Yeah.
Yeah, and.
So I do I do suspect on this on
the tick one especially.
There's probably going to be a
lot more code discovery, and I
can appreciate it's like well,
hey, we've got these things.
So I think having this this
mutual working understanding of
you guys are gonna come across,
you know, questions and things
we need to reconcile and solve
for and with folks we've got
here.
If we need other experts, we'll
get them engaged.
But I think for this one we'll
we'll need a little bit reliant
Yeah.
upon you guys to surface up some
of the key decisions we need to
make.
Umm, I think for the the patient
satisfaction we've got Dave Wolf
on the phone, we're a little bit
clearer, alright and it can be a
little bit more prescriptive in
that one and that one quite
frankly should be a little bit
more straightforward.
It's not gonna be as much around
normalization of disparate data
sets, but rather how do we
quickly land?
A known data asset that may be
different than anything else we
have and get it quickly to a
place that can manifest itself
into our tool.
Sure.
Got it.
Got it. Yeah.
Right.
So one thing that's going to be
a challenge is I was looking at
our demo data is for our demo
site.
We've completely anonymized the
provider information.
It's it's just basically
nonsense.
It's like provider 2241, so
we're not gonna be able to do
OK.
much with that.
Now we do have good.
I think I believe that the demo
data just between me and you
guys, it it came from some Texas
Illinois clients.
So I think the geography met
might be more accurate, but just
I know I can see right away that
we don't have real provider
information available, but it
doesn't.
It looks like it was sort of
totally anonymized or made fake,
OK, alright. OK.
so just something to consider
that we would might we might
Got it.
need to get permission from a
client as a as an early, early
I don't, and I think with with
some yeah, with some basics,
participating, you know.
Mike, I think we probably could
pretty quickly get you know we
could probably get a AJ to bite
on permissions to use their
data.
You know, so here's what we
have.
This is our demo data.
You can see this is our billing
provider dimension.
I've sliced this across Illinois
and Texas.
You can see we've got quite a
bit of data in Texas and it
shows claim and paid
information.
You can see this is kind of a
nonsense ID here I think, yeah,
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
but this is the kind of data
that we could extract, right.
Once a month or whatever and and
and throw in the the other
dimensions that are relevant and
that can get land that into S3
or wherever we're going to land
it, you know, and we we do have
OK.
ways to even do this today
through some some connectors we
we do web data, connectors and
things like that that we could
leverage short term but this is
a way to get this data set just
plugged into Tableau through a
data connector.
But I think the better way is to
get this into ask 3 land that
into S3 in some way.
Chuck, Chuck, and and Michael,
thanks for bringing that up
because one of the things that
we also we have already done and
we could probably share it as
part of our ongoing code
discovery process here is even
for the 18 key business elements
that were listed as part of the
the user story or the SOW.
You know, I I was.
I'm just alluding to what Ashok
mentioned.
80% of the fields that we were
able to match there are about
20% that we were not able to
match between the files and the
the requirements or the fields
that were listed in the SOW.
So we want to call that out as
well.
Maybe one of the things that we
can also find in the demo data,
we'll extend that analysis to
the demo data as well and to see
how much of matches there right
away when when you mentioned
that.
The region wise mapping may not
always be there for all the
regions that we specified.
We will.
We will also figure that out and
add that as part of our
analysis, uh Michael.
OK, because here's the other way
we could slice this.
This is the same view, but I
just put this primary CPT.
I don't know if this is the same
level of what we have in the
other files, but we could.
We're happy to share.
We could you find the the kind
of matching up dimensions and
see and provide some Excel
exports or whatever it might be
just to so you could sort of see
and there's codes and
descriptions.
Maybe it's just the code that we
have or I don't know how that
data looks, but we can share
what's what's in in our demo
data at this level as well.
So and I don't know what what
measures we're looking for, if
Got it.
it's claims you know, number of
claims paid amount, what other
measures.
But we can we can marry up the
measures as well.
We have a bunch of different
measures that we can see.
We have dozens and dozens of
different measures available.
Got it.
OK. Thanks.
So.
So David, I I know we are on the
top of the hour, but I I I feel
Yeah.
much better than where we
started.
So thanks for all the guidance
and inputs.
Yes.
So I I I would like to just
quickly summarize.
The takeaway is for for kanini
in terms of where we are when it
comes to the tick files, I'll
also send a follow up email
around it.
So one of the the first thing is
to be able to pick up HCSC and
UHC files.
That's what we have access to
right now.
Specifically, focus on Nevada,
Illinois, three regions that you
mentioned, David, and be able to
first make sure that we are able
to combine these two datasets
and and and do the initial
analysis, right.
So that is going to be the scope
of this discovery.
We'll add that as part of the
scope of this particular
discovery.
For this use case and also on
the on the dashboards and the
reporting like you rightly
called out in the SOW, whatever
we have listed, we will add
that.
So that is also part of the
scope.
The 18 columns that you
mentioned are going to be the
ones that we are going to
extract from each of these
files.
We will also add the demo data
that Michael was just showing as
part of the scope to make sure
that now we'll have H UHC the
demo data and once we get access
to signal files, you know Sigma
will also be added right.
So I'll add that as part of the
scope, but Sigma files is
something that we still don't
have access.
So we are trying to bring in a
resource in the US and associate
Yeah.
in the US so that he can access
the signal files and then mask
the data and give it to us.
Sure.
Right.
So that could be something that
we could.
We'll also be if, if we know
we're narrowing the geography to
human, our to Illinois and
Texas, we can also look to see.
Umm, you know, there's some
other options we could look at.
Aetna we could look at, you
know, some other regional plans.
So it we're not wed to Cigna,
Cigna was just one that we knew
would have a pretty robust data
set.
So there may be a couple of
other options for sources of
But.
files.
If we can't get the signal one
resolved.
Absolutely. Absolutely.
I I think the modest, apparently
of whatever we are going to do
with each of these files is kind
of clear now.
So the the files themselves
might be different.
Like you said, we could probably
accommodate that.
So we will, we will create a
verbiage in our discovery phase
pause this use use case.
What we are going to do, we'll
share it with the forum here and
maybe in tomorrow's session,
I'll very quickly walk through,
take 5 minutes about what we are
planning to do as part of an
outcome for this discovery, for
this particular use case, right.
And and then we'll take it
forward from there.
And and and Anthony, I'll shoot
out an email for access for the
demo data.
Anthony, right.
Like if we are able to pull in
whatever format CSV format, put
that in S3, we can start
exploring that quickly.
OK, sounds good. Thanks.
Sure.
Yeah, David, did anything else
that I had missed at?
No, I'm good.
OK.
Some sounds good.
Any any inputs from anyone else
David shape Michael.
No, I'm good.
I think I think it was really
good because the right path and
OK.
then we get some defined scope.
Sure.
Here.
Ashok, Deepika, any other points
that we have to so we've got our
task cut out.
So we'll we'll work on that and
create the documentation around
it.
Send it across to the forum
here.
Anything else?
No, I think I think we covered
everything up.
Sure, David.
Team David David.
Michael Anthony and David, thank
you so much for your time.
Doesn't.
Really, really glad lot of
guidance and inputs.
Thank you.
Talk to you tomorrow.
Sure.
That's good. Thanks.
Sorry, thanks.
Thanks. But.
It's not.
OK, bye.
Yeah.
Bye, bye.
Thank you all. Yeah.
OK.
Yeah, yeah.